docs: Adds installation guide for NIC and waf (#7688)
nginx/kubernetes-ingress: site/content/installation/installing-nic/deploy-with-nap-using-helm.md

---
title: Install NGINX Ingress Controller and NGINX App Protect WAF with Docker and Helm
toc: true
weight: 500
type: how-to
product: NIC
docs: DOCS-609
---

> This document describes how to build a local NGINX App Protect WAF Docker image with NGINX Plus Ingress Controller, which can be used to compile WAF policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document describes how to build a local F5 NGINX App Protect WAF Docker image with NGINX Plus Ingress Controller, which can be used to compile WAF policies.
```

Forgot about this: the very first instance of an NGINX product in documentation must be prefixed with F5 for legal reasons.

Only once, and for the first product - not necessary for everything.

environment variables:

```shell
IC_IP=XXX.YYY.ZZZ.III
IC_HTTP_PORT=<port number>
```

### Validate that the WAF works

Send a valid request to the deployed application:

```shell
curl --resolve webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT:$IC_IP http://webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT/
```

```text
Server address: 10.92.2.13:8080
Server name: webapp-7b7dfbff54-dtxzt
Date: 18/Apr/2025:19:39:18 +0000
URI: /
Request ID: 4f378a01fb8a36ae27e2c3059d264527
```

And send one that should be rejected

```shell
curl --resolve webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT:$IC_IP "http://webapp.example.com:$IC_HTTP_PORT/<script>"
```

```text
<html><head><title>Request Rejected</title></head><body>The requested URL was rejected. Please consult with your 
administrator.<br><br>Your support ID is: 11241918873745059631<br><br>
<a href='javascript:history.back();'>[Go Back]</a></body></html>
```

This is mostly the same as the [examples/custom_resources/app-protect-waf-v5](https://github.com/nginx/kubernetes-ingress/tree/main/examples/custom-resources/app-protect-waf-v5)
deployment in a single file with the policy bundle already set.

> You now have a fully operational NIC with NAP deployed in your Kubernetes environment. For further details, troubleshooting, or support, refer to the [official NGINX documentation](https://docs.nginx.com) or reach out directly to your F5/NGINX account team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You now have a fully operational NGINX Ingress Controller instance with NGINX App Protect deployed in your Kubernetes environment. 

For further details, troubleshooting, or support, refer to the [official NGINX documentation](https://docs.nginx.com) or reach out directly to your F5/NGINX account team.
```

---
title: Deploy NIC and WAF to Kubernetes using Helm
toc: true
weight: 500
type: how-to
product: NIC
docs: DOCS-609
---

## How To: Build and Use a Local NGINX App Protect Docker Image to Compile WAF Policies and Integrate with NGINX Plus Ingress Controller

This document outlines how to:

> - Set up license secrets to enable deployment into kubernetes
> - Use a WAF docker image to compile a policy JSON file into a compiled bundle
> - Set up PersistentVolumes that the deployed WAF instance can access to read the bundle from
> - Deploy NGINX Plus Ingress Controller with NAP in Kubernetes
> - Test example services to validate that the WAF policies work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prepare license secrets to enable a Kubernetes deployment
- Use a NGINX App Protect WAF Docker image to transform a policy JSON file into a compiled bundle
- Configure PersistentVolumes so the deployed NGINX App Protect WAF instance can access the compiled bundle
- Deploy NGINX Plus Ingress Controller with NGINX App Protect
- Test example services to validate that the WAF policies work
```

We capitalise product names by default.

---

> ## Step 1: Prepare Secrets and Credentials (From MyF5 Portal)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Prepare Secrets and credentials
```

We don't enumerate headings, trusting that the reader is following them in sequence from top to bottom.

It also makes it easier to re-arrange sections, which I think is applicable here: I will provide more contextual comments.

Download the following files from your [MyF5 Portal](https://my.f5.com):

- `nginx-repo.crt`
- `nginx-repo.key`
- `nginx-jwt.token`

Store these files locally:

```
├── nginx-repo.crt
├── nginx-repo.key
└── nginx-repo.jwt

> ```

Reviewer: We have some examples of this kind of instruction you can likely copy regarding license files: they exist as `include` files, which are inaccessible until the documentation is merged into the wider documentation repository.

https://docs.nginx.com/nginx-instance-manager/deploy/docker/deploy-nginx-instance-manager-docker-compose/#set-up-docker-for-nginx-container-registry

https://github.com/nginx/documentation/blob/main/content/nim/deploy/docker/deploy-nginx-instance-manager-docker-compose.md

https://github.com/nginx/documentation/blob/main/content/includes/nim/docker/docker-registry-login.md

Author: NIC doesn't have the necessary include for this, and the includes only concern themselves with the jwt tokens. For this piece of documentation I need all three files.

Reviewer: I know: I'm mostly pointing to them as an example of a way to phrase the instructions.

We aim to try to have as similar a reading experience as possible for users across the whole NGINX ecosystem, so it's less about re-using this specific text and looking at how the text is structured.

You can copy the list text and structure nearly verbatim, updating step 4 to include the UI name for each of the downloaded files.

The current text just says "go here to download the files" without any guidance on where in MyF5 to get them.

## Step 2: Pull the NGINX App Protect WAF Compiler image

Log into the nginx private registry using your jwt file and the password `none` which you will have to type in when 
asked:

```bash
$ docker login private-registry.nginx.com --username=$(cat nginx-repo.jwt)

> i Info → A Personal Access Token (PAT) can be used instead.

Reviewer: The GitHub UI is eating it for the edit suggestion I'm trying to make:

We use `shell` over `bash`: both work, but the former is more generic.

This is more about consistency than anything else: I use zsh, but it's POSIX compliant and we don't anticipate a user would be mislead into a particular syntax consuming the Markdown view of documentation than the actual website.

Author: I've changed it to `shell` in this document, however there are a bunch more in this repository still using `bash` as a code type

Reviewer: Yeah, I know.  A find and replace pass would fix all of it: I generally fix small stuff like this as a go.

I might do it as its own PR in the future.

Author: All right, let's fix up the rest in a separate PR. Marking this as resolved.
